After a year spent fearing for our health, grieving the loss of loved ones,
watching the ever growing death counts,
I have never felt so in touch with my own mortality.
Drifting confused between utter stagnation and overwhelming transience,
I started Good Night.
A performance for one person that continues as long as I am alive.
Every night before sleep, I text the owner of the work “good night.”
At any point, that person may choose to pass the work to someone else,
at which point the good night texts transfer to the next person.
It is the first in a series of rest-of-life performances I plan to complete.
What does it mean to commit, to something or someone, when the end is so palpable yet unknown?
This series of pandemic works are about
isolation, breakdown, danger, disconnection, grief, frustration, communication, wanting.
Streaming ourselves through every possible channel, platform, and app,
how do we hold the bits of each other together?